hi i'm tom clayton cro bill.com
and i'm here today to talk to you about
the path to one billion dollars
specifically i'm going to focus on the
hundred million to one billion dollars
uh the the path obviously from zero to
100 million dollars is
is very different usually at zero to 100
million dollars you might have a couple
of sales motions maybe a coup a few
marketing channels it's much simpler you
focus but then after sometimes sometime
around 100 million dollars you tend to
start hitting diminishing returns and
have to diversify out of those
uh sales motions and add more marketing
channels and so forth so i'm going to
focus on that i've been fortunate enough
in my career to catch lightning in a
bottle three times now so i will
reference
a lot of those past experiences
it is an amalgamation of my career it is
only three data points so take with it
what you you want you can take it with a
grain of salt some of it might be
applicable to you some of it might not
different industries
and
it uh
some of it i'll be transparent with some
of it i will white label just to protect
the innocent
and some of it might be painfully
obvious and i apologize in advance if
that's the case so without further ado
let's jump into it
i've broken this into sort of three
sections
the the first section
what i tried to do is go back and just
think about of the three different times
you know once with an enterprise
software company once with the b to c
and a b to c to b company and now with
with
bill.com and a
fintech sas company i tried to think
about what were the commonalities
amongst them they were all
sas in a way they were all subscription
revenue um but they were very different
businesses and so i tried to think of
what were the common levers that i i
used what were the common themes that i
saw that knew i was inside the tornado
at the time and what were uh sort of
lessons learned along along the way and
so that's the way i've structured it
key levers for growth i'm just going to
go into the ones that i'm familiar with
there's lots of other levers you can
use out there and some of you
will likely be using a lot of these
already
then the clear signs of success some of
these are i admit painfully obvious but
i just wanted to state the
state the obvious and talk a little bit
about what i've seen along these
different uh times where i've seen that
sort of hyper growth cycle
and then just some lessons learned along
the way i just learned that i have a
little more time than i thought so we
should be able to get through that
and let's go ahead and jump into it
five key growth levers so i tried to sum
up some of the things that i've seen
i tend to run the organization
much like moneyball you know billy bean
everything on analytics and numbers i
know mark roberge was up here speaking
uh he wrote the book uh the cell's
acceleration formula big believer in it
his his philosophy and mine are very
tightly aligned his is focusing more on
that zero to 100 million mine more on
the 100 to a billion
but the same principles apply and run
everything by the numbers so when you
you come in
say you're at 100 million dollars in
revenue uh 50 million
650 million whatever it is just
you're at some sort of scale right you
got product market fit customers are
buying
um if you're focused on enterprise i'm
going to talk mostly to b2b uh if you're
focused on enterprise maybe you have 500
customers if you're focused on mid
market maybe you have
5 000 customers if you're focused on smb
you might have 50 000 customers so very
different problems but the one thing
that's common across all of those is
the lowest hanging fruit to grow revenue
beyond that is squeezing more lemon
juice out of those lemons no pun
intended but uh and and here's some ways
i've done that in the past uh
subscription pricing obviously most of
you are on subscription pricing but the
more you can get into pricing in general
and just dive into it you know bill.com
has been able to grow its revenues just
by increasing price very basic stuff but
then you can do more things around
tiering pricing basically whatever you
can do to try to capture more of the
value derived and the willingness to pay
of the different segments of customers
you're going after the more you can
maximize revenue
premium services a lot of you guys do
this but uh usually has a huge impact
especially their high value added
services
adjacent products so
if you can think of other products
preferably going into the same buyer so
if you're selling into the cfo or the
cpo or the cro the more adjacent
products you can load in there i mean
think about
salesforce is a great example they sell
into the cro right and they're always
loading in more and more products or the
cmo more and more products that they can
sell into you
and you can do it organically by
launching your own products or
inorganically and i'll get into that a
little bit more later
transaction based pricing
i admit i knew very little about this
one before i came to bill.com and
entered the the fintech world but this
is a beautiful way to grow revenue if
you looked at our quarter last quarter
we have now surpassed our revenue
subscription pricing uh revenue has now
been surpassed by transaction based
pricing revenue uh we just acquired a
company called divi uh they're here if
you haven't seen them phenomenal company
phenomenal business model and it's a
hundred percent free product to the
customer and they make money off the
transaction so as you the different
types of transactions depending on what
you're using to pay so if you're using
credit card which has a much higher take
rate which is what the divi team
leverages there's call it 200 to 300
basis points depending on your credit
card deal
there to capture you subtract out costs
like rewards and
and fraud and so forth and you usually
have a really good chunk of change at
the bottom line in terms of revenue
from that model so much more that i
guarantee that divi or other companies
like them make more money in that
revenue model than they would if they
tried to just try charge a flat
subscription fee and so it's sort of a
win-win for them and the customer
and then monetizing all sides of the
network uh so example here my last
company houzz it's a large online
uh
platform for home remodeling we had a
triple sided network so we had
homeowners and clients on one end we had
the professionals smbs the architects
interior designers gcs on one end and
then on the other end we had the brands
and the manufacturers of goods and we
figured out ways to monetize them all
for the consumers it was e-commerce and
selling them maybe sometimes online
design services and other things
on the pro side we
offered them a bunch of sas services
very lucrative very predictable revenue
models they were specific to that
vertical and for the brands and the
manufacturers we offered ad services and
other premium services associated with
marketplace so just think about uh how
you can monetize all the different sides
of the network uh if you have a
multi-faceted network
and then lastly i'll get more into this
specific to what we do at build.com but
white labeling the product sometimes
it's a snafu but once you get past 100
million dollars it's definitely
an area where you can really scale
revenue really fast if you do it with
the right players and i don't mean doing
it to everybody being more targeted you
know don't spray and pray you know be
more of a sniper and focus in on
the big guys that will really move the
needle for you
so the second one
and usually when you start the company
you start with a horizontal play or a
vertical play
bill.com was
a horizontal play from the beginning
going after a very wide wide swath of
companies whereas houzz was very much a
vertical play in the housing industry
at build.com you know
i think getting to a 100 million 200
million dollars with the horizontal play
is very doable but when you step back
and you look at our customer base we're
very strong in the tech vertical with
companies like you very strong and
non-profit very strong in health care
and we started to think if we want as we
cross the chasm and we want to go deeper
in these areas and get past early
adopters into pragmatists and late
adopters
we really have to have a
go-to-market skin that's more vertical
whether that's marketing
messaging for that vertical whether it's
marketing into the channels where those
you know who goes to an smb magazine no
they go to the the vertical that they're
in or the industry they're in they go to
conferences in a vertical that they're
in so
thinking about a go go-to-market skin
that's verticalized from messaging
standpoint from customer references or
even segmenting customer uh sales teams
so that they're calling specific
verticals just makes you much more
effective you're not even changing the
product down the road you could change a
product and decide to go more vertical
but in the beginning it could just be a
facade and that that will really
resonate well with customers
i'm also a big fan of efficient channels
i don't
pay much attention to them on the the
road from zero to 100 million dollars
that's where you really control your own
destiny you have a direct sales force if
you don't have a direct sales force then
you're really
uh dependent on someone else for your
success if you want to control your own
sales control your own destiny either
have a great self-serve platform or you
have your own sales force pass 100
million dollars
uh people will start listening to you
you've got real product fit and demand
and then there's efficient channels out
there there's lots of them i'll just
list the ones that i've leveraged
so
you can look at other like companies in
similar space other sas companies and
bundle the products together to go to
market together
obviously once again a no-brainer and
lots of you guys are probably trying
that
it works if you're like sized companies
and you have a very complimentary
offering that's selling into the same
buyer persona
clear value-added upsell for large
platforms i'll give you example in the
bill.com context
we are ap and ar automation
totally unsexy space
but it happens to be growing extremely
fast and i'll talk a little bit more
later about that but we are bolt on to
the quickbooks the netsuites the intacs
all the accounting software in the back
office and it's a great upsell for them
they share in the united economics we
obviously get great distribution from it
and so it's it's a great channel partner
where we can be a part of their platform
they make money we make money
and then other massive service providers
that could white label your product for
us and in our industry the example of
this would be the large financial
services companies the wells fargos bfas
chase you name it
they want to offer this to their smb
client base they want it to be under
their brand these are hundred plus
million dollar deals they're very big so
they're very lucrative obviously it's
like an enterprise deal it takes a long
time it's a year to 18 month sales cycle
but who wouldn't do that for a hundred
plus million dollar deal
it makes a lot of sense it just takes
patience and then there's another area
that i've explored and and
i would say i've had a few strikes and a
few home runs off of it but when you're
looking at
uh get creative and think about adjacent
players maybe not in the same industry
but serving the same customer base
so we have a few hundred thousand
smb customers uh if you add up our
recent acquisitions
and
if we are um
thinking about other large players who
have large s b bases it's amazon
shopify i mean there's a bunch of them
out there and if we could think of how
how to add value and offer something to
their customer base it's a win-win for
both them and us as well
and then a slightly more controversial
one is vars or sis i think we've all
been burned by them some of us had some
success with them uh i think the reason
most are burned by them is just because
they try to go after them too early
they're like little kids on a soccer
field they go where the ball is and if
you're just starting out or you're sub
100 million dollars you're not the ball
yet and so
uh
you know once you cross
a certain uh
threshold where their clients are coming
to them and asking about you and there's
a real market pool then they listen
before that they might be just grind
shagging you for lack of a better term
and so i would really focus on
the vars post 100 million dollars
because then there's gonna be real
market pull you know there's been a lot
of companies that have built successful
businesses off the back of ours in our
space you got the netsuites the intacs
microsoft has done it for last 30 plus
years and so adobe's done it so their
vars are valuable but they're just
it's all about timing when it comes to
vars sis as well even more so
and then last but not least this is
obvious we all think about it although
surprisingly i've lived you know half of
my life abroad and when i came back to
the valley i was surprised how little
people think about international
expansion uh and when we think about
international expansion in the valley we
often say oh yeah uk or australia or
canada and it's uh you know or sometimes
we'll get really aggressive we'll say
let's go after europe like we we rarely
think i spent 10 years of my life in
asia massive markets diversified markets
a lot of other opportunities are there
from china to india to southeast asia as
a whole japan still so
it depends if you're if you're a b2b sas
if you're a b2c company with strong
global network effects or fear of uh
local copycats taking over the market
you might move a lot more aggressively
internationally that was houzz that was
airbnb that was uber uh less is the case
that so is the case in the b2b world
maybe if you're enterprise you'll be
forced to think internationally for
those big deals earlier on if you're smb
you tend to go later and so this is
going to be in the 100 millionths of
billion dollar range but it's going to
vary on where on that spectrum you go
maybe if your enterprise b2b it might be
400 million
maybe uh
and i don't count canada uk and
australia so i'm talking real
international not english speaking
international
okay so now
these this is the section that probably
has some of the most painfully obvious
uh
points but i'll explain why uh first
you know it's probably three decades
plus old where jeffrey moore wrote his
book crossing the chasm uh
it never grows old with me i go back and
i read it and there's four points and
every time i've been inside that tornado
which was a subsequent book
i look at those and i say like even
bill.com today i look at and say
demonstrated market leadership yep
dominate one to two three or four
vertical markets yep
competitors set you as a target
all over the web
uh references becoming a part of this
decision-making process absolutely you
know you read through that and you're
like okay we're crossing the chasm we're
hitting the pragmatist and that in
itself is bringing is just increasing
the tam you're going after
and then this one is often overlooked
but when i look back at the three times
that i've been on this journey there's
always been a massive
uh seismic shift that's really changed
the game
obviously we all just lived through one
and we're still living through one with
masks and covid tests we did work from
home the pandemic had a
massive uh tailwinds for many of us and
massive headwinds for others
in the bill.com case it was a massive
tailwind and i'll tell you why
all of a sudden the world shuts down
everyone goes to work from home
we
we in the sas industry for the last two
decades
have been focused predominantly on the
front office crm marketing automation
everything that touches the customer
we've largely ignored the back office
and
you go home we're all working from home
and unless some of you guys are in
finance you didn't see this pain but the
controllers then still driving to the
office every day under lockdown getting
the mail
driving home
buys a scanner on the way home has to
order on amazon because everything's
closed down he's scanning all the bills
emailing them out one by one to the
people that need to prove them
making a spreadsheet to track it all on
what's approved
buying a printer to print the checks
printing the checks driving over every
other day to the cfo and the ceo's house
to have them sign the checks and i mean
it was such an antiquated process you
know once the tide went out everyone saw
what was under the the ocean and they
said like we just there's got to be a
better way to do this and so it probably
accelerated our market by
three to four five years i mean your
guess is as good as mine but you know
everyone's paying attention to the back
office now so they could be more
efficient and we can work in this
distributed work from home environment
and so that that's the bill.com case and
houzz houses born right after the
housing market crisis where everyone
stopped buying new houses and everyone
wanted to renovate their current home
and so we had this huge
housing renovation boom and house was
built on the back of that you know my my
first company bea
uh
java software java took off the internet
took off it was a seismic shift in the
way everyone thought about things and so
there's always going to be something
maybe not always but nine times out of
ten there's going to be something that
really sort of changes it changes the
rules of the game that allows you to
accelerate from that 100 million to a
billion
okay i know this on first glance looks
like no duh really uh accelerating
revenue growth and what i mean by this
is it's very rare that you get 100
million dollars or in our case you get
to become a public company and your
revenue accelera the growth rate
accelerates after that not the revenue
continues to grow the growth rate itself
itself continues to accelerate if you
look at our last four quarters since
we've been public every quarter it's
accelerated in terms of growth it's rare
because law of large numbers it just
gets harder and harder to grow but when
you're firing all cylinders adding a
portfolio of different channels and
they're very efficient your ltv to cats
are so high that you can just pour more
money into it you will see accelerating
revenue growth and that's a very clear
sign that something's going right and
not anyone can grow
not anyone but a lot of people can grow
past 100 million dollars but to grow
past 100 million dollars and then get
that hockey stick that that's a tough
thing to do
am i going too fast
okay sorry i talk fast um
so
next is increased revenue retention
often in the valley called uh
net revenue retention
a lot of early sas companies focus on it
vcs focus on it uh i've seen inflated
net revenue retention numbers all the
time someone comes to me like oh i've
got 190 150 180 net revenue attention
great and then i started diving into the
details with them and it's like yeah we
just did a deal with facebook for 200
and it's easily a 20 million dollar
customer in facebook but what they're
doing is they're they're hunting for
logos big logos which is great and then
they're selling them to their actual
uh capacity later and so it's great net
revenue retention it's a land and expand
model right but it's a lot harder when
you're at scale and you have sales teams
that are selling those customers
especially in smb where you know there's
there's a specific amount you can sell
and you can't go far above that and then
to grow the revenue on top of that
that's a lot more of a challenging
problem or even the enterprise once
you've grown that customer to a certain
scale
growing
revenue from there on a per customer
basis is is a lot more difficult and so
obviously you got to control the logo
churn so keep that above 80 if possible
and there's lots of levers to do that
and then grow revenue expand revenue
beyond that and i'll talk about some
different i've already talked about a
bunch of ways to do that but i'll talk
about some others
and then organic and inorganic fuel uh
yeah i love cars and so i thought a car
would be a good analogy this is a
who knows what a dodge
uh
challenger demon is
800 horsepower car
comes with one seat standard if you want
the other seats it's a dollar each uh
obviously they don't ship it with just
one seat it's a marketing ploy a great
marketing ploy if you're able to find
one of these on the lots
give me a call because i haven't seen
one in over a year they'll have a 50 000
markup on msrp
so it's a 90 000 msrp car you're paying
140 000 if you want this car if you can
find it
you can get one level down you can get
the dodge challenger srt
for about fifty thousand dollars you can
pay about twenty thousand dollars for
all the aftermarket parts that will make
this as fast as a demon so for seventy
thousand dollars you can get the same
car that would cost you 140 000 and you
can find that car on every lot in the
bay area and so i think about this the
same way
i think about
uh inorganic and organic growth like we
at build.com we've just went out and
started acquiring companies like divi
like invoice2go perfect compliments we
have a customer base going into i think
we had 120 000 customers not only do we
add more customers but we cross sell
their products to our customers they
cross sell our products their customers
it's perfect the same buyer persona etc
i first did this playbook way back when
at a company called ba systems is anyone
here familiar with ba systems or am i
dating myself
all right so ba systems back in the day
dot com 1.0 was the fastest software
company to hit a billion dollars of
revenue it took us about two and a half
years skyrocket
there's a great ride oracle later bought
it for like eight and a half billion
after a drop from a 20 plus billion
dollar mark cap
when the the dot-com boom crashed but
what we did we joke b-e-a stood for
built entirely on acquisitions we just
acquired companies by the dozens we had
a channel and we dominated all the
largest enterprises whether it was att's
and verizon's and telcos jpmorgans and b
of as on the banking side you know we
dominated uh the sort of i.t spend of
those large
uh
enterprise customers and they would go
out and buy other products and plug them
into the channel so we would take a
verizon or a chase from a two million
dollar account to a five million dollar
account to 10 million account
a lot of them were like 30 million
accounts when oracle acquired us so it's
it's a tried and true method oracle's
done it for years salesforce is doing it
now in the latest iteration uh the more
you can acquire those products and yes
it's always going to be cheaper to build
your vp of engineering your cto oh i
could build that just give me 20 heads
and blow it's it's time to market it's
customer base it's so much more than
just what's the cost to build and so
we've really leaned forward and i've
really leaned forward everywhere i've
gone on adding inorganic growth to fuel
that path from specifically from 100 to
a billion before 100 million it's just a
distraction
all right so to sum up the the first two
sections
you know pursuing a path to the perfect
tin
these are some of the levers that i've
leveraged like i said it's just
just my perspective
it's just three data points
uh so take with it uh
hopefully there's one or two nuggets and
it's valuable to each of you and i
apologize if i totally wasted your time
on this but uh diverse revenue models
uh
trying to squeeze more lemon out of
lemon juice out of the lemon uh
horizontal versus vertical and thinking
about how to maybe pivot slightly to one
one or the other
looking at different efficient channels
out there and getting creative
leverage reseller channels if it's
applicable in your space
and look at international expansion but
do it when the timing is right for your
business i'll give you an example right
now bill.com
it's almost outside of one recent
acquisition it's almost 100 domestic
we have you know depending on how you
count it if you count all our
acquisitions yeah maybe we have 300 000
customers
there's 6 million smbs in the us alone
30 million if you count sole props which
a large part of that 300 000 is so
it's a distraction for us to go
international right now whereas houzz
which was both the b2b and b2c play we
had a ton of copycats and we didn't have
the we didn't have the luxury to sit
around and wait for the house of china
and the house of russia and the house of
india to we had to go and go quickly and
so there we were launching
i was launching uh six countries every
six months and doing them waves of six
months and so it just depends on your
business and sort of the competitive
dynamics
and then signs along the way
[Music]
crossing the chasm evidence you know
those rules have been tried and true for
30 years now uh that seismic shift i
think we've all
uh fortunately or unfortunately um
benefited from
the the latest change
uh accelerating revenue growth
uh increased revenue retention very
important metric and
don't forget in inorganic growth i'm a
big believer in that
so just some lessons from the journey
how am i doing on time good okay uh
once again just just my lessons they may
be right they may be wrong uh hopefully
some are applicable to you
get the playbook right i see too many
people trying to scale and build out and
hire teams me i've seen companies have
hired 50 person sales teams and they
don't even really have the messaging the
product market fit or anything down and
they sort of have to downsize like
the the classic example here is
mcdonald's right mcdonald's didn't add
500 restaurants and then say oh
we've got the the cooktop wrong that
cost fifty thousand dollars that's a
very expensive mistake like you need to
be disciplined about getting the making
sure that the the model is right
and then scaling it out like houzz
really got it right in the us and then
we took that playbook and rinsed wash
and repeat in other countries
but we waited till we got it right in
the u.s before we just started going
everywhere and i've seen other companies
go faster and they've had to pull back
from their uh international activities
i'm breaking stuff guys
all right
hiring
i'm a
big big proponent of hiring this
actually should be number one uh i spend
a lot of time on hiring uh i wrote here
just sort of my five golden rules i
always share with my teams when it comes
to hiring
one is be involved i interview every
single person even to this day and when
i first start the teams hate it they
think it's overbearing controlling but
like if you wanna
showing that you're involved in the
hiring helps with the conversion rate
showing um
it helps keep the bar up it helps
control culture there's just so many
positives to it that outweigh it and
make your schedule available block off
time so that you can have
interviews uh and it's also nice that
every new person that joins you know who
they are um it that helps from a
cultural perspective too but it really
just helps if you're going to raise the
bar you got to be super involved in
hiring
make them work for it
so this comes from very early in my
career long before all this tech mumbo
jumbo
i interviewed coming out of college with
mckinsey bcg and bain and man did they
make you work for it it was like four
rounds i don't know what it's like today
maybe they've changed and i understand
in this market you're probably saying
you're crazy as soon as someone comes if
they have a pulse i've got to hire them
because it's so hard to find talent but
i'm telling you like don't do it
the the mckinseys and the bcgs of the
world they'll do four rounds of
interviews and it gets you get more and
more senior people as you go and it's
each round is three or four case studies
you know you're sweating you're drinking
four cups of coffee you're studying the
night before
and they make you work so much that when
i remember i was driving back across the
bay bridge back over to berkeley from
from san francisco and they called me
with the offer and i was like yes yeah
and like they didn't even finish giving
me the offer they didn't tell me how
much they didn't tell me anything i just
said yes because i felt like yes i
finally it was like getting an
acceptance letter to a university and
it's not just that you the conversion
rate goes up and then you get there and
it's like you're amongst a bunch of
other people and you're almost
brainwashed you're like wow we're all
the smartest people in the world because
we work so hard to get this job this is
the best job ever and i'd go to bed
thinking i want to be the ceo of bcg
someday like that's what i want in that
sort of uh
attitude is what i try to instill in our
recruiting process so that when they
come to bill.com or house or whatever it
is they feel like they really work for
it it's not like
trick or treat here's your offer and
then like two weeks later they resigned
because you know it was just an offer
they got and it wasn't a big deal
um or it's you know hey you're only
paying 120 i want 150 i want more
options and it becomes mercenary right i
want missionaries not mercenaries and so
i would just really think about the
interview process and make them work for
it people will respect you more i know
for me in my career the ones that made
me work for it i i take so much more
serious than the ones and i also respect
my peers more because i know they went
through that same process than the ones
where
you know they didn't test me at all i
had a couple interviews and they gave me
an offer and i just
i didn't think highly of it
um i'm a big believer also and getting
people where their arrows pointing north
versus journeyman so
you know don't hire someone like me
who's been a cro several times and or
along the journey hire someone that's
like that vp of sales that's like
skyrocketed through their career they're
going to come in they're going to work
24 7. they're going to you know just
totally kill it maybe they've had good
mentors in their career like that's the
person that you want that raw horsepower
uh i've had such tremendous success with
that versus someone that's been that
c-level exec
many times over and it's hard you also i
also didn't write it here but don't
i i don't know a better term but like
don't be a brand don't look at
just like certain companies or certain
brands and say i want someone from
salesforce right because
salesforce has how many employees now
at that scale you start mapping to the
average of society like really look at
when they were at the company and some
of the people that you hire they'll be
the best hires i've made they're they've
been at companies i've never heard of or
they've failed miserably but they've
learned so you learn so much more in a
failure than you learn in a success and
if they could tell you what they learned
that's a very mature person so just
think about that i see too much of a i
want a person from xyz company or
sometimes i'll hear you know
on a board or on boards or advising ceos
they'll say i want x y z
they want industry knowledge functional
knowledge someone that's done this scale
the revenue from here look guys the guy
that walks on water died 2000 years ago
like you got to give there's some give
and take like be a little flexible on
what you're looking for
referrals are great
and i've seen recruiting teams get
really addicted to them they'll do
they'll do internal competitions 5 500
for every referral 25 for every
interview successful hire etc
i'm a big believer in them they're great
acceleration they're great going back to
the car you know that's where you can
put in hyperdrive and in a time of real
need but they're also like crack they
get really addicting and you don't want
to get addicted to it because
what happens is then you start
forgetting how to hunt and feed for
yourself your recruiting team is more
focused on the referral channel than
scouring linkedin and going to uh
different places to find good talent a b
your workforce becomes very homogeneous
how many of you guys have built on an
engineering team relying solely on
referrals and then all of a sudden you
step back and look and say
my engineering team looks exactly the
same and now we have clicks and they're
all on blind or one of these other
things trashing the company because you
have you created little power centers
right diversification is a good thing
and
if you've got an engineering team like
that and you try to bring someone else
that doesn't map to that mold they feel
uncomfortable and they don't they don't
want to accept your offer so
keep the diversity don't get addicted to
the crack and that's referrals
last but not least stating the obvious
you can't scale if you don't hire well
every hire you make as an individual
that's reporting to you should be better
than you
i know there's insecure people in this
world it's natural but the reality is
they will make you look good don't be
afraid of it
be it be a team captain not a coach and
i learn more from the people southbound
on me if i'm hiring a head of sales or a
head of marketing i want the absolute
best i want to learn from them they will
make you look good that's the right
thing for the company and so you just
that's the only way you're gonna scale
uh once again stating the obvious
rally around top line growth some of you
might be saying yeah that's great if you
have it i agree sometimes you don't
sometimes you have cyclical growth
but the more you can rally around it the
better you know rising tides raise all
boats it's less about uh how do we do
this and it's more about how fast can we
do this uh the the faster you grow the
more excited the the better commitment
there is internally if you're a public
company if you're a private company
you're the stock price the the stock
options and the inherent value in those
lock people in longer you can recruit
better you know i always think oh wow
we're a you know
20 billion 30 billion dollar mark cap
company
who's going to be attracted to us now
they're going to think all the growth is
is there
i thought that when i joined and we were
a 3 billion company right so
it's
a lot more people air towards wanting to
be on winners than are concerned about
how much more growth is left there in
that in the company
uh many of you if you don't know bea
probably don't remember this maybe
you've heard the the lore and the
stories but you know com 1.0 these were
my neighbors down on uh
where was it 800 brandon i think
airbnb is down there now uh
you know we i still remember the chain
link fence going up around the building
web van was down the street
everyone was spending big on above the
line advertising super bowl commercials
were all tech
i all i got to say is i have never been
on the road from 100 million to a
billion dollars with a tv commercial at
one any above the line any not even a uh
billboard on 101 which has become in
vogue and some have done okay but then
there's way more uh stories of that not
paying off and the reality is if you're
a b2c company maybe if you're plaster
billion dollars and you're doing big
branding brand awareness maybe
but and i'm not talking about growth or
performance marketing scm seo all the
other stuff that goes into like growth
hacking that's all got positive roi
solid ltv to cac that absolutely makes
sense above the line marketing not so
much don't worry about it it's a
distraction and it just feeds egos
last but not least do right by your
customer we live in a world today where
it's very easy to get quick feedback
from your customer in real time over
social media on different channels that
whether you're on the app store and
they're they're rating you there or
you're looking at
trust radius or captain or whatever we
we have all these channels nps scores
ways to see how we're doing as a
company you know when i look back on it
i i think back of the the business
school
story way back when of the guy that
walked into nordstrom's with eight or
four tires and he wanted to return them
and they were like sir you didn't buy
those tires or he's like i'm damn sure i
bought the tire these tires here and it
turns out that sears used to be there
and went out of business and nordstrom's
opened up but nordstrom had a policy of
like no questions customers always right
sure how much did you pay for them
here's your money back we take the tires
those tires sit behind the ceo in his
office now as a an example of the
customers always right there's plenty of
those examples of those stories in tech
just do right by the customer it will
with social media especially it will go
viral and it will pay off in space
[Music]
you